Ladies and gentlemen, from beautiful Uptown, Bay Bank, Harmontown is now in session.
Let's welcome to the stage the Game Master Spencer Crittendenton
and your Mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Thank you very much, thank you for coming out.
So, holiday weekend, we chicken for granted, we keep filling this place,
but we've got this venue now and it's not easy to get people over here.
It's Bird Bank.
So, all these people that keep filling the joint, we can probably do anything.
We got them on the hook.
Who drove really far from LA? How far did you come from?
Minnesota?
You drove from Minnesota? See, now that's a hell of a drive.
Yeah, that's a lot harder.
You must have left like this morning.
Yeah, who wants to go to Bird Bank from Minnesota? That's crazy.
Minnesota you from? The Twin Cities.
Which ones?
I'm kidding, of course.
Hello, Dan, how are you doing?
I'm good, I'm good.
You seem like you got something on your mind.
Well, no, I'm just trying to think of what I do have on my mind.
I'm afraid I don't have anything on my mind.
It seems like you have nothing on your mind right now.
I'm in the midst of a deadline on a treatment that I'm supposed to turn in.
I should have turned it up Friday and it's been one of those weekends where you saw it coming
and it's like, it's a four day weekend, this is going to be great.
I got the sick dog, so I wasn't even allowed to leave the house.
So it was really, Cody and I were like, it's going to be four days in the house,
like just sitting in bed and we don't even have to feel like we're bad people for doing that
because we got a dog to take care of.
And then I hit Nigel.
Fuck it up.
Is Nigel all right?
Yeah, he's okay. Nigel, so yeah, Nigel ate like a big clump of grass
and then he was in there and then, look man, so Spencer was the point there.
Hey guys.
Nigel opened.
So we go into the veterinarian with the Nigel dog and the doctor comes in
and he's taken x-rays and then he's taken x-rays the next day so he's analyzing this thing.
And it's like, oh, there's this thing in his stomach and he's like,
I thought we were bringing him in for surgery, but then the guy says, he goes,
well, at this point, you know, I think we should just wait because it's moving, this thing.
And it's just like this big thing, it looks like a tube sock,
but it looks like a tube sock because now it's in its intestine.
So everything that you would put in there would look like a tube sock.
You could put gold in there and it would look like a tube sock.
It's kind of a neat idea.
But he has this like thing and I still, I'll never know, I don't know,
he just kept going, like we would say, well, he's panting now and then he'd go,
well, you guys, he's a sick dog.
And he just had that like lilting tone and every sentence began with you guys.
And then we'd go, so you think we shouldn't operate on him?
Well, you guys, we don't know.
And like the fifth time he did that, I said, you do this thing where you keep saying you guys
and there's this tone and the message that we're getting is that you don't want any information from us.
We're not doing anything wrong, doctor.
We're asking questions and saying words.
Like he's getting mad at us.
We're assuming that the science of caring for a dog since the dog can't talk,
like that maybe it might involve collecting some data from us or maybe, hey, I mean, what, I mean, I was just like,
usually in that situation, maybe, and then maybe this is a bad habit that I have,
maybe I'm a bully, like when people are making me uncomfortable, making me feel bad,
maybe I'm accustomed to the fact that then I'll try to spotlight on it and maybe because I'm a six foot tall fat,
kind of dude, like maybe I get maybe I'm like spoiled, like maybe like most of the people I'm talking to,
maybe I wouldn't do that if I was talking to like the rock, you know, I wouldn't like adjust him, you know,
like maybe I need to examine that.
But I haven't thought about that because it always works because usually what the person does is they go,
oh, God, oh, geez, no, because the very fact of like you're just pointing out that there seems to be some kind of
breakdown is enough to get everybody kind of scrambled and then you reset, now you're recalibrated,
you're communicating as humans, that's what I usually find.
But I was like, hey, you know, you're doing this thing and it sounds like you don't want us to talk to you
and we don't know if we're supposed to say anything and that's all, if that's the case, then I don't know.
And then he just kind of blinked, right?
And then he was like, well, you know, he's a sick dog and he's getting us out and you know,
my recommendation is that at this point we should wait and you know, if you guys don't like having me as a doctor,
you know, you can get another doctor.
And I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa, but I didn't do anything.
I was like reeling and I was like, silence, I was like, how do I react to this?
And during the silence Spencer goes, if you think that's best.
Well, it wasn't like, just hold on, just hold on.
I think I said that we trusted his opinion and we'll do whatever he thinks we should do or something like that.
I don't think it was like sarcastic, like, yeah, give us another doctor.
I think it was like, yeah, no, we trust, you're the guy.
You're the guy to listen to.
You don't want to piss off a doctor when your dog is sick.
It's like you're pissing off, like a waiter can spit in your food.
Your doctor can metaphorically spit in your dog and kill your dog.
So that guy leaves, he just leaves.
And then I heard him slap an animal.
I thought when he said, if you guys want, you can see another doctor.
I thought he was saying it like a teenager would say it like a passive aggressive kind of like,
maybe I'll go eat some worms if you want to go eat some worms.
And we're supposed to go, oh, no, you're a great doctor.
Which is why I was like stunned.
I didn't know what he was saying was, well, we have several doctors here.
Let me go get another one, which I guess is what he's doing.
You can hear him faintly out there talking to another guy.
And I'm like saying to Spencer, what is it me?
Is it you?
Is it the dog?
Is it him?
And I was like, I don't think he knows that he sounds passive aggressive.
I think he's just stupid in that sense.
Yeah, he had maybe an aptitude for treating dogs.
Probably doesn't spike in the same brain statistically as an aptitude for communicating with people.
We don't know.
There are certain fields of medicine that doctors will tell you that we're not people persons.
We're not people people.
We want to solve you.
We don't want to hang out with you or talk to you.
We don't touch you.
We just want to open you up and look at your insights.
Sure.
Maybe this guy was like, oh, I get it.
They're animals.
So I can be like a savage, horrible, primal monster.
Maybe you're so ursine, and because he's a veterinarian, he thought you might actually be a bear.
Right.
And so it was like...
And he came to you guys to prove that you're actually a person and not a bear.
It was the veterinarial equivalent of a racism thing.
He didn't really believe I was a bear, like a magic talking bear.
I put off enough of a bear vibe that a guy who loves dogs and cats and treats their ails
is like, I don't like this guy.
He looks like someone that eats on a landfill.
And that's an enemy of the canine and the feline in my book.
My name's not Dr. Asshole.
So five minutes goes by and a new doctor comes in.
And he goes, hello, my name's Dr. Ruiz.
And that was a surprise.
We did not expect a different doctor to come through the door.
Yeah.
I thought maybe like a bouncer from Jerry Springer would come in or something and go,
well, you guys got to go.
We need this room.
But a new doctor comes in.
Hi, I'm Dr. Ruiz.
He shakes our hands.
And then he starts looking at the x-rays.
And he acts like nothing has happened.
He goes, I'm Dr. Ruiz.
So we're going to do some exploratory surgery on Nigel.
We're going to go in and we're going to pull this foreign body out.
And I'm like, what?
And Spencer says, okay, but what would you say if we told you that the last guy said
the exact opposite thing?
And the guy says, oh, no, I know that.
I just talked to him.
I totally disagree with him.
I have a totally second opinion about what you do about your dog.
Is it Anderson and Ruiz?
They're like, this is the thing that will plague me forever because this guy was nice.
And I was like, yes, now we're talking.
Cut my dog open.
See you later.
Here's $1,700.
I'll see you three days from now.
I changed my dog's life with a scalpel and just walked out, skipping and going like,
by the way, that first guy's a prick.
But like, what was my part of something?
Were they just like, you know, like the guy comes out and he goes like, oh, we got a,
you know, they probably have some veterinarian code for it.
Like we got a, we got a, we got a, we got a, we got a DFI or whatever.
Yeah.
Like, like, we got you, let's cut his dog open and make him pay.
We just, is the, is the second guy, is the second guy totally inept and loved?
Do they call him the butcher of Burbank?
And like, but, but he's a piece of people pleaser.
And so, and so, I was our first guy, like the Einstein of dog, dog's eating shit.
And I was like, fuck man, you know, like, like, like, like when he's on Charlie Rose,
Charlie Rose, I go, what do you think is the biggest problem facing veterinarian medicine?
I think it's, I think it's the worship of the myth of bedside manner.
I got to tell you, I, like, like, I, I think we're, I think we, we, we, we, these, these are patients that can't speak to us.
And if they, I'm sorry, I'm getting upset, Charlie.
He's like, yeah, well you're doing this thing.
You sound kind of patronizing.
See, it's happening again.
But I'm telling you, I'm a good fucking dog doctor and I could have been a brilliant child doctor,
but nobody's going to let me near those little fuckers.
Like, like, like, so I, so I, so I humble myself, I stoop, I try to do my best, no harm, I come into this stinky hospital.
I'm dealing with these little tiny scaled down disposable patients.
But I'm still a big prick.
I'm still the worst guy in the hospital.
And he's like, he's trying to save you money.
He's like, I don't think this is a big deal.
You're going to talk to Ruiz in 45 seconds and he loves to charge you for it.
I'll go get Jack the Ripper.
Elective dog surgery.
Well, you like feeling good about yourself.
You want to make a best friend?
Whether it loves cutting your dog up, I'll go get him.
So what happened?
Did Nigel get sliced open?
Yeah.
And the ongoing debate was, is this going to be the world's,
is this going to be the end of our Meundi's relationship?
Because is he going to pull out like a whole thing?
Because Nigel just eats a lot of fabric and stuff and it looked like, you know, they give the dog barium
and all we knew is that there's a big thing that soaked up all the barium,
moving very slowly through him.
So then Spencer called the hospital and then the subtext of the story,
Spencer loves my dog more than me.
But he said, they pulled grass out of him.
It was just grass.
It was a bunch of grass, yeah.
You know, cows that take some like three whole stomachs to digest that shit.
Cellulose, you can't digest cellulose unless you're a dog.
Oh, wait, wait, no.
Dogs and humans don't talk.
Deer and cows, they have different systems to digest cellulose.
If you can get into the cellulose digesting game, that's like,
Oh boy.
That's like panning for gold.
Like, you got to make a lot of biological sacrifices.
There's so much food in elephant poop that elephants that get hungry can eat their own poop.
There's still that much food in their poop.
Because it's hard to break cellulose down.
So they break down a little bit.
It's like a very difficult thing.
You know, I guess maybe grass at one point was like, Jesus Christ,
why don't we, the biosphere's toilet paper?
Like, everyone's just going to eat us?
Fine.
Try eating us now.
And then everyone was like,
And they're like, yeah.
My dog, I had a crazy dog when I was a kid and ate a bean bag open
and ate all the little tiny Styrofoam pellets.
Ate like as much as it could fit inside of a dog.
And then I just kept pooping Styrofoam poop,
which was amazing because it was like the easiest poop to pick up
because it was so lightweight and versatile.
And then once I went and did one of my shoes,
ate the shoe, like a basketball shoe I had with one of the foot liners,
like the little pads that goes in there, ate the thing
and it came out a spiral foot liner.
It came out like, you could have put that back in the shoe.
Dogs are like fucking boa constructors.
Nigel ate a coat hanger two days before this all happened,
which is why I thought, I was like, oh, it's a coat hanger.
He must have wood splinters in there.
He ate a coat hanger, a nice wooden coat hanger.
He probably ate the grass to chase it.
That's probably what it was.
They ate something softer than a coat hanger.
They do eat grass, that's what everyone keeps saying.
Well, you know they eat grass with their stomach hurts.
I'm like, what is this information?
Why are you gain saying me?
They already pulled it out, what do you want me to do about that?
You want me to go talk to the dog?
I think they want you to not know more than they do
because they studied medicine and they know how to fix dogs.
Oh, well, no, I was talking about people on Twitter.
Oh, okay.
Don't do that.
What do you think grass is thinking?
Evolutionarily, so grass is like a half step up from,
because I know moss, you know, I know moss,
and moss is like pre-catalyzing.
Can we have one podcast, Dan, when you're not going on your moss ramps?
Moss is like you're basically your first plant, you know,
it's like the idea of like, well, why don't we maybe,
well, what are we doing on the water all the time?
Why don't we just like be on a rock next to the water,
and then like, we'll get splashed and we'll drink that,
but then we'll get a lot more sunlight or something like that.
And that's before the advent,
because then you're just limited to like the surface of things.
And then the big step was capillary action.
Taking advantage of water's slight negative ionic charge,
which you will see illustrated when you do dishes
and try to pull your plates apart.
That's a whole, that's how, but water, if it didn't have that slight charge to it,
then it couldn't be drawn up as far basically as you want to.
A redwood tree is using that slight charge to carry water all the way up,
probably very wrong about most of this.
But it's the precursor.
This, by the way, Dan briefly went to community college
and took a biology class, learned a lot about plants,
and now knows exactly this much about plants,
but wrote a TV show about going to community college.
But it's pretty fascinating because water has,
the first thing you learn in biology is like,
well, let's talk about water first.
It's because the water is like, oh, it's everywhere to us,
and it's like, oh, water, fuck water.
Each shit, water, your piece of shit, like you're just like, whatever,
like, oh, water's here, who cares?
Oh, it's old 80% of the earth,
but water is, it's a magical, a magical, it's not magical,
that's, if I'm trying to get you interested in science,
I shouldn't call things magical.
I should write a book about wizards or something,
and if I wanted to...
You should write a book about wizards.
And you know what, it's not hard!
It has many properties that make life on earth possible
if water was just a little bit different in any way.
For instance, water expands when it freezes, so it floats,
so a planet that goes through an ice age,
if water on top freezes and you get your little tiny boogins underneath,
your little creepy fish, they can keep living,
all those little monsters.
Crayobugins are coming.
Crayobugins.
And that earth thaws and we come crawling back out and we go,
let's do this again.
Couldn't do that if...
You're fucking dropping some serious science on this show.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I like your pink Floyd shirt, that's very exciting.
Cody went to the Roger Waters concert.
I guess he has like this big dick.
She showed me pictures, did anyone go to the...
Has anyone been into Roger Waters?
She showed me a picture.
When I was your age, I mean, when I was 15,
I was like really into the Roger Waters pink Floyd.
It was very important to me,
but I never actually bothered to see a photo of him,
because it was pre-internet.
I didn't go type Roger Waters,
oh, let's see how he looks, because I'm not a vain person.
I don't live in that world.
I thought he was probably black,
because he was important to me.
And I didn't care.
I cared enough to think he was black,
and positively judged him for the color of his skin.
But anyways, he's a very fit man,
because he's got to be 109,
and he's definitely not eating what I ate this weekend,
and it's like a picture of him from the thing.
But he's got this big boner in his pants.
Cody sent me a photo, and he's like,
look how big his dick is,
and look how hard it gets from his work.
Really, you can just, like, this is very,
like, that's something, he wins,
because also he made that album,
and it was like, oh, hey, well, walls are important to kids,
because they're about education or psychology.
Like, well, I'm young, I'm gonna, oh, I got it.
Oh, it's a brick in the wall.
And then he got into his, you know,
Steve Martin's tweeting a couple bad jokes
on Twitter kind of phase, where you're like,
okay, I'm not the sharpest guy,
I should probably try to hire writers from here.
Like, you know, I'm getting to that age
where you want to start mentoring in comedy and other things.
Like, you know, you're kind of going into your
Gandalf the Brown phase,
kind of just going,
just start getting into growing basil or something.
But at that exact age,
the Berlin Wall comes down,
and Roger Waters comes out of retirement and is like,
oh, let's do a concert for the wall,
because it's the wall, and now you got,
and then Trump is like, oh, the wall,
and he was like, let's do it.
He's got a perfect life,
I bet he was just out of money,
and then Trump was like, we're gonna build a wall,
and he was like, he slew down a fire pole,
or his own dick.
In his head.
Money.
So Roger Waters has got a big 90-year-old car.
He's got a giant baton in his pants.
Or he's so vain that he puts like a flashlight down there,
because it's important.
Maybe that's like a holdover from 60s rock,
he's like, well, you got to do it, everybody does it.
Yeah, he got his stuff, ladies.
People did stuff, he might be an old school stuffer.
He's probably not even thinking about it, it's like, you know.
We should have him on the show and find out.
Pardon?
You know people that are on tourism?
Can you text him right now and find out how big his dick is?
Alright.
I've got a little black book
with my poems in it.
Got a bag, got a toothbrush, and a comb.
Stevie Nicks?
Alright.
That was some stuff I talked about
at that weird show we did last week
at that freaky Chris Hardwick cult meeting
that we went to in the middle of.
We made it out in the woods,
and 90% of the crowd was dressed as stormtroopers
or mesics, it was pretty wild.
I'll go wherever Hardwick tells me to go.
It's called the Patriarchy, look it up.
He's a hard wick.
I would go, if he was a soft wick,
I would listen to him 10% less.
If he had no wick at all, nope, can't be president.
Oh, not funny.
Okay.
Too true, okay.
We started out as a simple word play
and penis jokes turned into a negatively resonant
late motif for the ladies
and the men that support them.
It wasn't like there was a bunch of guys going,
women can't be president.
We got a lot of enlightened people here.
Sorry, I hurt you.
You're probably very excited then about that,
the fact that the 25th amendment is now going to be invoked
because he tweeted a meme with a CNN thing on it.
Oh, yeah?
We're all just so fucking, we're like,
what are you talking, just stop.
This was like the big turning point,
I saw people on Twitter being like,
even saying to guys I really like,
they're just going like Keith Olberman going,
look this is it.
They tweeted a meme with a CNN
and there's a wrestler hitting him
and we must now for the 700th time
we must do something about this man
and then just like a couple people tweeting like,
this is just like a sideshow now,
like I don't even want to do this anymore.
Like this thing where we pretend like you can stop the antichrist,
like it's not, let's just enjoy it, it's biblical,
let's just enjoy it.
I think it's not a cheery thought
but I was thinking today when I had the same reaction to that,
like we're going to look back fondly on today,
like on these days because he's not a professional tyrant.
The next president is going to be worse than him.
He's a clown, it's going to get worse.
We're not going to go like, oh, this is the dark ages
and we're going to have an awesome president next time.
It's going to get sadder and worse
but the next people are going to be pros,
not winging it and not being, you know,
like just crappy, you know, WWF characters, you know.
Well, it's like this monkey got loose on the paramount lot
and like everyone's chasing it and going,
get back here, Bobo!
But Bobo is running into sound stages
and like turning on cameras and putting on a hat
and like getting a two-point rating, you know?
And so everyone that's, everyone chasing him
or cheering him on is all going, ha, that crazy monkey.
Shit, you can do that?
Like they said, like the monkey doesn't even know
what it's doing, like it's running into edit bays
and like pressing buttons that make just like champagne
and coke come out on a big sliding wall
that was hidden from the Robert Evans era
and like everyone's like, okay, noted there too.
So if you have more than a 90 IQ plus choose fascism,
you could really get some shit done in this country.
Whereas he's just going like,
I got lonely, I got lonely.
So like he went throughout his life,
like he was the son of a fucking slumlord
with a trust fund, he blew through and then he tried,
he was a Democrat and he tried to get rich people to like him
and rich people were like, you're tacky, you're gross,
like you're creepy, I heard you fucked a 13-year-old,
get out of here.
And then he's like, those are allegations.
You know, I don't have those allegations against me.
I don't want the system to work that way
but I just think that you shouldn't have 13-year-olds
accusing you of fucking them.
All right, so just Google it and like let's figure it out.
I don't know if the guy, he had like a preteen model agency
like who has that?
He was like, you know, he's like doing high society
and like, hey, I'm a big rich guy
and I want to hang out with the Baldwin's and the things
and you know, he was just kind of a joke
and then he's just like getting older and older
and then he's like, and then he's like,
so who in this world that's left
would ever just give me what Howard Stern was giving me,
what the television show was giving me,
and this is like, you know, the P.T. Barnum
like devil character from Needful Things
was like, well, I got the bin over here
which is just hillbilly Nazis would love you.
Are you sure about that?
That doesn't seem like a big fit to me.
It sounds like a great sitcom.
Like no, no, they're pretty easy.
You put on this trucker cap
and just start saying I'm tired of brown people.
Like it'll catch on, believe me,
we're right for it.
And he's like, okay, I'll try it
and it fucking worked and I'm going to kill myself.
All right.
But yeah, I was just thinking, you know,
it's like these people are like,
oh, oh, look at it, this is it.
This is a deal breaker with the wrestling thing
that he tweeted because it's like so sad
when people are like, because it's violent imagery.
Is he promoting violence against journalists?
Like, well, don't play into that fucking.
He's promoting violence against good Photoshop
or after effects.
It was pretty crude.
Yeah, and the guy that did it, you know,
and then everyone's like, well, look at the last thing
this guy did and it's like some Nazi shit
about how everyone in CNN's a Jew or whatever.
There, I agree.
I agree with him on that one.
You agree that everyone in CNN's a Jew?
Well, according to his chart,
I mean, if you only go by that,
I don't have any other data.
It seemed like it was scientific.
But it was like, decrying that, I feel like,
it was like, actually, didn't you kind of feel like
when he does something crazy,
then it's like, you kind of feel like,
what am I measuring it by?
But it's just kind of like the Twitter's that guy's like,
I feel like you see a little spike in people going like,
all right, come on, man, knock it off.
People that voted for him going like, come on,
you're embarrassing me, you know?
But then the more that we go, that's right,
he's embarrassing you.
And technically, he's in violation of political correctness
because that's actual racism if you look it up.
And then the person that was like, you're embarrassing me,
goes, oh, yeah, I remember why I voted for you.
Like, because I feel stupid and barbaric
and I'm tired of feeling that way,
so instead of improving myself, I pulled a lever
that said I would have to put that off for four years.
But that's us too.
We're all lazy.
None of us are out there doing fucking mental crunches,
like trying to figure out how to be good people.
I've only gotten to the point where I'm like,
I'm just like, oh, I was wrong about everything my entire life.
That's possible even when you're a genius.
So what hope do we have for morons?
How are they gonna flip?
Is there gonna be an obelisk outside of a fucking trailer park
and everyone that caused this problem
is gonna hear this high-pitched whine and touch it
and then throw a fucking spray paint can in the air
that turns into a job at a solar panel who factory?
I want you to never stop this metaphor.
I want this to go on for the rest of the show.
I want that to be a scene in a Kubrick movie.
I mean, what do we think we're gonna do?
We're in a civil war, culturally.
And believe me, there's just as many dumb people on both sides,
like in laziness and like adds to dumbness.
I was like, at this point, we're at this like impasse or something
and impasses don't get, they don't just sit there.
Like we used to think we were at an impasse,
but what we were really in was like the reign of the bipartisan system,
which I used to sit there and scoff at,
but we didn't know how good we had it and was like,
oh, I want my corruption back. I want my bureaucracy back.
I want my like, I want my fucking transparent collusion
between two corporations that just rig debates
and fucking just hang out back.
And it's like, okay, so that system wasn't working for other people,
so I'm guilty of these crimes, right?
But then again, I didn't inherit my fucking money.
I worked for it and see, okay, now I sound Republican.
Like, so like,
who-who-who-who-who-who?
Alright.
Pit pause, hold up.
Somebody, one of our fans, go online,
make that, a remix.
Whistle tip, whistle tip, who-who-who-who-who.
That was like the EDM kind of thing.
The, uh, yeah, well, that's what,
it's not an impasse. That's the thing.
Okay, so here's why, you kids, when grandpa,
when grandpa that made Rick and Morty
and it's all, it's such a bummer,
why is he such a cuck, like, what are you doing?
Why are you talking about politics?
Why do you make this great cartoon that's like,
oh, it speaks to the very heart of my alt-right
or Bernie Krat or Hillary Loving or Trump Loving ass.
Yeah, because I'm a genius
and it's called Resonant Storytelling
and timeless character craftsmanship
and Justin Rowland's coattails
and it's, there's a delicate recipe.
Also, a lot of the background art
looks like Dick's balls and vaginas.
But when you're all bummed out, like,
oh, why aren't you, oh, you used to be so fun.
I'm sure that's not true, first of all.
I'm sure, I don't remember,
but I don't think I was like a laugh a minute
when I was not political.
I was probably just gross or something.
I was probably just going like,
is it me or bananas fitting in your ass wrong
or something?
That sounds fun.
I couldn't rift for the thing.
I didn't want to like...
But like, like, are you guys...
Which end is the wrong end of the banana
to put in your ass first?
Do you think?
The banana is the atheist's worst nightmare.
Google it.
Uh...
Oh!
The, uh, the, uh...
Like, when you're all bummed out
and you're going like, Dan, what is politics?
See, here's why you're doing that.
Here's why you're thinking that.
And I understand this because you're younger than me
and I'm not implying that when you get older, you know more.
I'm saying like, I've lived longer.
So if you've lived longer,
so imagine like you're listening to a, uh,
a 10 minute song, okay?
And so, and you're, you walk into the room
and it's been playing for eight minutes,
but now you're hearing your first minute of it.
If, if the people that have been in that room longer
are saying, I think this song is ending,
listen to them.
They have gotten more of a feel for it.
It doesn't, it's not so much like,
oh, you're so much smarter.
Your IQ keeps growing.
Saying, this doesn't happen.
I think everyone keeps saying that.
I'm like, it's like, I know the difference between like,
oh, the dangling chads and the abortion arguments
and the gays in the military
and the Republican Democrat and just out and out.
Like, we're, we're, we're having a little bit
of a problem here that has really actually nothing to do
with what we used to call politics
because that word has for 44 years, to me,
has meant the boring thing, the grownup thing,
the part of the scam, part of the thing.
But politics now, it's like actually like,
I mean, there's only, once this stops being the case
where everyone's like all freaked out,
like it's not, it's gonna be like people,
you're gonna be wearing like jumpsuits and stuff
and we're gonna be like walking
like stainless steel honeycombs,
like deep beneath a Mars station
and they're gonna be being, well,
I'm not making it sound cool.
We're never gonna get to Mars because,
because whoever comes after Trump is gonna be,
like is gonna win by opposing gravity,
like as a, people are gonna be like,
yeah, why are you libtards always talking
about how there's gravity if you want to get the space?
Did you see how stupid that is?
Oh, here's the, here's a meme of a gorilla going,
hmm, I wanna go into space.
I think I'll say that nothing can go up forever.
That's you.
Because the world will be an ocean
and they'll be like, okay, well, we were wrong.
Yeah, okay, we were wrong about the polar ice caps, you know,
but what is this gravity you're always talking about?
I see if you're poor and you wanna get into space,
just jump.
If you believe in yourself, you should be able to fly.
Well, technically, you know, no, no egg head.
You fucking sell out, you traitor.
Jew!
I know it, I haven't checked my chart yet,
but you got that fucking Jurassic Park vibe.
What?
Which character?
It's which character?
Goldblum?
Yeah, the Stegosaurus.
You better wake up, motherfucker.
Did you see that fucking holy shit in a bottle?
Did you see that NRA video?
There was like, whoa!
Oh, yeah, see, it's over, like, not over,
like, I mean, over, like, like, schools out,
like, they're saying, like, it's over,
everybody do what you gotta do,
so that's a cue for activists to do.
That video was like what's playing on a TV
in the background in Robocop 2.
Like, would you, would you?
Yeah, so much far beyond that, it was crazy.
And here's the craziest thing about that video, to me.
When those guys, like, there's a,
when somebody goes into a school and shoots like 20 people,
and then their response is,
well, I'll tell you this much.
If the teachers had guns, they would only be 10,
yeah, okay, all right, okay.
So everybody should have had a gun.
Okay, all right, well, for a second there, we thought,
no, yeah, let's see, everybody should have a gun.
Okay, got it, I get it, I get it.
There's almost an honesty there, like,
I don't know if they believe it or not,
but their message is transparent.
They're going, oh, 20 kids got shot,
so everyone should have a gun.
There is no hidden agenda.
That video, they're saying,
they're pretending that they think
that because police can't quell disruption enough
on their own without causing more of it,
that if there's any psychos out there with their ears on,
you might wanna just start DIYing it.
That might actually work.
That's the unspoken implication,
is like, you should jump in
because the government's hands are tied.
They're cucked out, man.
Like, they gotta do these Miranda's and all these things,
and then at the minute they poke some of the stick,
if they're wearing a badge, then there's more protest.
It's like, it's crazy.
So, you know, and then they end it with like,
now more than ever, you gotta just like,
you gotta fucking hit.
So they're saying to their base,
like, if you're out of your goddamn mind
and you pop off, it could be a solution.
And they know that that's not true.
They know that that person will go to prison,
and they know there will be even more disruption
and embollement and civil war and stuff.
And they, I mean, it's like,
it's almost admirable and it's villainy.
I mean, they're so committed.
Like, I'm pretty sure, like,
they're about six months from going,
okay, now we've been putting this off for 60 years,
we're finally gonna like, put one foot on each dolphin here
and we're gonna start being actively marketing
to liberals as well.
Cause they're gonna, they're gonna have another video
coming up, man, it's open season on you motherfuckers.
It's like, you can't go to a protest these days
without worrying about who's gonna shoot you, am I right?
Well, they already did that, you bought a gun.
They already did it to me.
It's called white male fragility, not white male endurance.
I'm not gonna be the last person to buy a gun.
I'm like that little mercury thing that explodes
when something gets a little too hot because there's a fire.
But you're gonna, you haven't even, have you shot it yet?
Have you taken it?
I didn't get it to shoot it.
I got it to wait till someone shoots me.
Yeah, but you're gonna get it.
Someone's gonna come on your doorstep
with a burning pitchfork and, cause that's the thing.
You think pitchforks are dangerous.
When you light the chips of the pitchfork on fire,
you've got a real problem on your hands.
Yeah, in ancient times, angry mobs needed torches
and pitchforks, it was a mess.
And then...
It took us like, why did it take us so long?
I think it was Eli Whitney who found out
that if you combine fire and the pitchfork...
You get a flaming trident, the ultimate angry mob facility.
And if you can combine that with writing two dolphins
at the same time, you might be the most terrifying
individual in mythology.
You're certainly not a redneck, that's for sure.
If you were pitchforks on fire,
and you could still write two dolphins...
You write it on two dolphins,
and the way you express your frustration
with the ruling class or a monster is a flaming trident.
You're probably not a redneck.
You might be like Prince Namor, I don't know.
You might be from like Mount Olympus.
But did you notice that jumped the shark, that invention,
angry mobs?
They just stopped...
You never see the flaming trident used in angry mobbery.
Well, Egypt kind of did it, like the Arab Spring kind of thing.
They went full on, like, angry mob shit.
They went strung the best deal.
They have flaming tridents?
I don't know.
They probably have the modern equivalent of that.
All right, well, we'll get back to that.
Wait, what were we talking about?
I'm just saying, you're going to wait until somebody
comes up at your place with a weapon to take your dog or something,
and then you're going to pick up your gun, like Woody Allen's going to fly
apart because you don't know how to use it.
You have to go...
I've already field stripped it and cleaned it and put it back together.
What I don't know how to do is get the little rockets
inside the clippy thing.
I can't...
I can get one in, and then I'm like, really?
It's this...
You have to push this hard?
I'm pretty sure...
It's going to shoot!
I don't know.
You can go on Google and type in how to put rockets in clippy bits and you'll...
I'm scared to load the magazine because also it's like that's, you know,
now you're actually loading a gun in your house.
I haven't gotten that far yet.
I just put...
I was like, I wonder if I know how to...
No, you do it.
It takes some thumb strength to get those...
I don't know.
I got to get these little bad boys ready for the revolution.
Yeah, look, man, I don't know what to tell you.
I'm not a role model.
I got two dogs and a girlfriend, and I live on a big house on a hill with a lot of fresh
water in it.
I got a gun.
I got a hammer in case a nail comes loose.
You just told however many people listen to our podcast that you don't know how to load
it.
So it's not really...
I don't know what kind of security level you think you're at right now.
Maybe I'm all the way passed into the world where I'm setting traps.
Have you ever played?
Maybe I'm like Jigsaw, maybe I'm like playing like lame, lame, lame, wounded duck or whatever
you call it.
Spencer, have you fired a weapon before?
Have you fired a gun?
I feel like when I was a kid I fired a gun in like a camping trip or something.
How much fresh water did you say was in your house, Dan?
Look, you don't need a gun if you want to take my water.
I just want an estimate of how much fresh water you think you have on your...
I keep forgetting to cancel my sparklets or my Arrowhead delivery.
Can I go out of town on all these shows all the time, so I've got... I have a gigantic
pyramid of bottles of water.
So the real fresh water is a jet sauce.
I feel like I used to have that, but I got these cameras installed because I'm Batman
and now that I got the camera, I swear I thought I saw...
Put it to chat.
I thought I saw... Google it, it's a great...
I thought I could swear I saw the sparklets guy or whatever you call him now, the Nestle
mobile oil guy, whatever fucking... the Pentagon ministry of drinkables, Centaurian, a five-gallon
drum of water, and I was watching him on the camera, like Phil Spector, just like playing
with my gun and just watching him because he had kind of a Cuban vibe.
And I swear it was like he came up and then I saw... I thought he left with water.
He took my water.
I think they take it now.
He might take empty ones?
He take... no, he was like... it was heavy, like he was like, oh, this water I brought
up.
I don't... I think he took my water.
I don't know what happened, so I don't know why I should...
Maybe he brought too many, and then I was like, oh, I got to take this back.
I got to remember to call them... I canceled it for I forget how many months because I've
got 9,000 things of water in my place.
You're not supposed to do Nestle, by the way, you know, if you're interested in your consumer
dollars advocating because, boy, we're still at that stage.
It's not at all like the branches of government are collapsing into a fucking murder van that's
going to drive around, but if it was 1999 and you thought the way you spent your next
water dollar would influence the totally fair, capitalistic biosphere in the... the Nestle
guy, like, he's on record as saying in interviews like, yeah, I don't get it, I don't understand
why water is considered a natural resource.
That doesn't make any sense.
It's a product.
Everybody buys it.
You need it.
You drink it.
Looks like a candy bar.
They also... they're also like... they're trying to buy up all this water that's like
cheap, that's like reservoirs and stuff, and they're getting these crazy deals for it,
and they're just... they're going to profit off of it, but the water they're buying is
so cheap, it's like you could start a Kickstarter and buy the water for like cheaper than them,
except, you know, we're not corporations, so we don't have access to these markets,
but it's like we could buy that water that we don't want Nestle to buy from us, but,
you know, they won't let us do it.
It's fucked up.
Got to put all your money into Arrowhead.
They're a Native American tribe that makes their own water out of...
Out of rain.
They also make salt.
I'm so glad I didn't think of that because I would have said it.
Okay.
What... what...
What is that?
Can we hear Sam Elliott's commercial for the fully-croisoned...
Hello, I'm Sam Elliott for Arrowhead Water.
You know, our water's salty, and here's the reason why.
Andrew Jackson... no, no, no.
80% of your body can't be wrong.
That's just general water advertising, I don't know.
It's not for trail and tears.
The trail and tears was, of course, a horrible thing that would be totally offensive, but...
But we made it delightful, just like...
Well, also, it's like history's written by the winners, and we're not afraid of the...
That's my apology to anyone who is listening that's like...
That's a little hurtful.
I'm like...
I'm sorry.
Like...
Also...
You know, because it shouldn't be a numbers game, like, you know, like, what's offensive,
you know?
It shouldn't be like, oh, that group isn't going to a million-man march us, so...
You recently made a...
I thought I'd tell a putty tent reference.
They don't think you're current, but you're a baby boomer.
You still, you know, you're still loud.
Why is it now?
Just hear those sleigh bells tingle in the ring, ting tingle in the...
Dan's got ice stuck to his bottle.
I've never seen that much ice stick to anything.
Should we bring up our... let's bring up two of our friends so we can...
Yeah.
Hell yeah.
Let's bring up Abed Gheith and Kali Fontecchio.
Yeah.
Got Callie.
Callie and Abed.
Hey, buddy.
Oh, my God.
Look at that.
Kali Kazoo and real Abed too.
It's a double whammy.
There's a cloud underneath this crazy...
What the fuck?
It's a cloud of ice.
Cloud of ice.
What the fuck?
It's a cloud of ice.
Did you not notice that when you were sitting?
I was focused on the Fontecchio and I was like...
You got the last thing right, which is a big, like a big, you know, that's a big achievement.
I've never said your last name.
Thank you.
You said it correctly.
He said it now, just now.
Yeah.
Were you named?
We both have unpronounceable names.
Were you named after Callie, like the God of Destruction or whatever?
God of Destruction.
Usually, he always shake his hand when I come up.
Okay.
Sorry I had to do that.
Glad we didn't miss that moment.
It's a ritual.
No, I was like two seconds.
No, it was important.
Very important.
I did it every time I came up here.
Including now.
I'm going to keep the tradition going.
Eat that, Mike.
All right.
Thanks.
Callie, you're looking very smart with your fuzzy Simpsons bag.
Thank you.
It's a Selma and Patty, yeah.
It's nice.
My favorite part is their unshaved legs.
How's that?
Selma.
Patty and Selma.
Did you purchase this or is there something you created?
Oh, no.
I didn't purchase this.
It's a purse slash pillow.
I guess when you pass out at parties, you need that.
Yeah.
Because then you can just use a pillow that isn't there.
Tell me.
There's never a pillow.
I passed out at a party recently.
No pillow.
Oh, boy.
I remember you talked to a guy I passed out at a party, but you didn't care.
Oh, yeah.
That was Rod Hasler.
Oh, my God.
That's just good.
That story's never going away.
Jesus.
It's like the okay corralor.
It's like you shot a match off a buffalo's back or something.
Why the fuck does that story keep coming up all the time?
I'll tell you why by telling you the story.
It was a Halloween party or no, it was a wizard party and you and everybody came dressed like
actual wizards like cone hats, like moons and stars and wands and stuff like that.
Me and Justin, we just went to a thrift store and found random shit and then he was the
wizard of cell phone technology and I was the wizard of the past or something.
I had like an Indian outfit.
I mean the Native American outfit.
Oh shit, sorry.
The party's winding down, people are getting kind of high, there's like maybe nine people
were tired.
There's just a bunch of out of shape wizards like sitting in the kind of like main area
of the party.
Because it was a full on wizard dance party, it was just wizards, just dancing.
Yeah, dude, it was fun, man.
I had a great time.
I love seeing wizards in parties.
All of our mana has worn down, we're regenerating it and we're just talking and at some point
somebody goes like, all right, I'm going to keep talking to you like this because I don't
want to make a big deal out of it, but I want you to at some point look over to the other
room.
It was Rob, wasn't it?
Where Abed is sitting in a director chair like next to our friend Rod Hasler who is also
sitting in a director's chair only like at that point like Rod, he's like, watch, Abed
is talking to Rod and Rod, excuse me, Rod is just, he's falling asleep, like he's not
always sleeping, but like his head keeps like, if you were talking to somebody and they went
like that.
He was slightly awake, maybe he's a bad listener, but that's where heroism comes in.
By the time that passed around to me and like everybody just looked over there, don't make
a big deal, I looked over and Rod was completely comatose.
He kept getting funnier and funnier, he says his head was dangling like an apple on an
apple tree.
Well, that's my fault.
His head was like parallel to the floor, like there was no mistaking this man for conscious.
I wanted to work stories and also there was a point because you were talking and like everyone
was watching you, but we couldn't quite hear what you were saying, but there was a point
where you were, his head was just dangling over the arm of the chair and we were all
watching you and then at a certain point you reacted to him as if he had like interrupted
you or something.
Like he had made a good point that allowed you to, well, that's a different matter.
He was listening, but he's slightly zoned out.
Like maybe he snored or something and they're like, well, speaking of that.
Well, I thought he was still awake.
So then he did some motion that I'm like, you can't do what I'm saying.
How could you?
What in the weekend at Bernie's?
Were you talking about Farscape?
No, I was talking about, well, we worked together at the time on Mansers and I was saying stuff
like, do people at work like me, am I annoying?
And I think like I was trying to get validation that people liked me at work.
So I was like confused because they treated me weird there.
So I'm like, come on, they like me, right?
And I think he phased out at a certain point, but I was so passionate about what I was talking
about that I didn't notice he passed out.
So yeah, you guys saw that.
You saw me.
I mean, he was awake two seconds ago and then in those two seconds he fell asleep.
Well, thank you for saying the words pass out so that we could all remember to mock
you for that same thing for like 11 years ago.
Look, it was weird because you guys looked over at the right comedic moment where it
was funny.
No, no, we were watching you for 45 minutes.
Like there was no, it wasn't a window.
Oh, you got it.
Just the right time.
Like Planet Earth.
Like, oh man, that Orca just left up for real.
We were all playing it cool, but marvelling.
You kind of had your head down and you were making a point about Ben Fold's live or something.
And so it was a record or whatever.
And he was completely dead.
You were trying to do a corpse and we're like, he's in heaven right now.
I'm so embarrassed.
I mean, because the weird thing is later when you guys said you were watching the whole
time, I was like, I didn't remember.
I did talk to him, but I mean, we were all asleep.
It was the end of a very long drunken party.
So everybody gets a pass on that one, but it was, it was, it was delightful.
It sounds like we're making fun of you.
It was, it kind of.
For you guys, it was delightful.
I mean, I don't, I was like.
It was almost like watching as a superhero, like, like, like you, you, that's weird.
I mean, we make fun of like, like, I look, I was thinking, I can talk to people while
they sleep.
I'm a superhero.
I, I, like, I was, because I was writing this treatment and there's this character
in the thing that Mike McMahon and I are talking about.
And like, we're talking about the character and we're like, oh, he's a, he's a character
that's kind of deluded himself.
And then we're talking about that.
And then we're, it was like, we, we, it was like, we, I was like, I was like, yeah,
you know, he's like, he's living his dreams.
He's living his character.
He's living in his dreams as a, but, and it's like a fine line between that and living
a lie.
And I think the, the difference is, well, what are you making other people lie?
And if they say that you're lying, do you get mad at them?
And I was like, oh, that's, I think that we would all admit if the stakes weren't so high
that there is this half of our president or 25% that was like, like, like we kind of marvel
at his absolute fucking like, like, uh, dead, nerfed, like, just like, like the idea of
it's, it's funny and almost cool from a writer's perspective, a character that if you said,
can you pass the salt, they would say, yes, I will do the best job of passing salt that
of anyone that's ever passed you salt.
Did it ask around?
I passed the salt the best.
You see me as a character, don't you?
You are a character.
Are you kidding me?
I'm not, I'm not talking about you, you narcissist.
I understand.
I'm just trying to laser into what you're saying.
With him, that's like, when we, when we talk about that aspect of him, if you could just
isolate it, if you could just like suck that little bit of juice, like, like, we're envious
of that because it's called like, it's like thinking positively.
Wait, wait, this is like a writer's meeting you had with Mike McVan?
You were like, we can't figure out, oh, but what's the deal with it?
No, no, no, no.
As a function.
No.
I was just, it was a related thing.
Oh, I see.
Maybe I am the narcissist, you're right.
I am pretty narcissist.
Thank you.
You just brought it out.
I'm just saying.
You're doing what you gotta do.
All of us have maybe blind spots, or I'm not going to try to universalize it.
I'm saying like, you, you, you could talk to a guy who was like catatonic, I was like,
we're making fun of you for it.
I see.
But like, there's also like, like, I'm trying to learn that from this like, this, this like,
you know, troglodyte that we've, we've, we've, you know, chosen to, to celebrate our demise
as a, as a culture, not you, as a president.
I know.
I'm trying to, I'm trying to like, I'm trying to like see the, see, I'm like, I'm like,
we're, we're, we admire about him, like, and, and why is he so, and how come you watch
like Huckabee, like get away with it or not get away with it?
Like he's, you can see like Huckabee on Twitter, try to like, all right, I guess, I guess the
market's primed for an old man to be kind of a, kind of a goose ball on Twitter and
you're just like, Huckabee hour.
Nah, you're the worst.
I'm running in here.
Whatever, Abbot, I, I, I, I'm with you, I'm trying to give you, yeah.
Between my dance-planing, your Abbot-ness, like, and you being Abbot during it, it's
like we're, the audience is like, we've, it's a black hole, we're going to die.
No, but you guys, my wristwatch turned into legs, you guys are doing your own show that's
going to be happening.
We are.
NBC.
No.
Here.
On the, on the sixth, right?
A couple of days.
Yeah.
Starburn's Castle.
Yeah, this is what you'll see.
It's our second ever show.
Our first one went off really well, like a good turnout and our guest was Rich Fulcher
last month and this month, it's Martin Olsen, who you might know from, uh, Adventure Time
or, he brought the most part in life for all sorts of guys.
Quite a guy, quite a guy.
Yeah, yeah.
We did a skit with him before where he was your dad and I'm asking for a date and then
he beats the shit out of me.
No, he strangles me.
What does he do?
I don't know.
He's a good guy.
You guys ever go to Disneyland and go to Mickey's house in Toontown?
You wait and you meet Mickey Mouse?
I just did that for the first time with my girlfriend and, uh, we, as you're waiting
in line there, there's these awesome cartoons that are old, like vintage looking Mickey
Mouse and Minnie Mouse things.
And that's Callie.
She made those things.
Well, I, I designed the, I did a bunch of designs.
There was a whole team of people.
But the design is, the design is the whole point.
It's like beautifully, beautifully designed.
It's like some of the coolest animation I've, I've seen in a very long time.
It's like, did you know it was her when you saw it?
I remember seeing clips of like stuff that you've posted online and then I was watching
it with church and I was like, oh, this is the, this is the thing that Callie worked
on.
Yeah.
It's like, like old vintage black and white Disney meets like Ren and Stimpy meets like
the triplets of Belleville.
Like it's really cool.
It's, it's so.
Yeah.
I mean, my team especially are like super, super amazing.
Is that Andy?
Andy Sirianna?
Yeah, Andy Sirianna.
He's doing Ninja Turtles now.
Great guy.
He looks like Wolverine.
Suppose I'm a young Burbank, uh, hipster.
You just described me and Spencer.
Yeah.
I mean, I, I could, you could pass for that.
The beard really does that.
Selga.
Continue your thought.
What, what, what, what, why should I come to whatever your show's called, which you
now tell us is.
Well, it's because it's not filmed.
So, so to go back to the egotistical thing, it's called What About Me, which is about
us going, well, what about me?
Yeah.
So every time someone ends a sentence, we're like, well, what about me?
I'm important too.
But like, the birth of the show was that I was frustrated with Hollywood and I wanted
to write and get people to see my comedy.
So I was like, I'll just do a show and you know, make it with my friend who does great
music.
Yeah.
So it's like it's a true variety show.
It's, it's, it's what was the most frustrating thing about Hollywood for you?
Well, it, it, there's a lot of things, but mainly like I've pitched and I've.
Oh, so you might know Abbot.
So he, he wrote a little bit on Rick and Morty.
He worked on the commercial episodes.
Yeah.
Oh, that's right.
And I had a hundred ideas and they picked five.
It was the, it was the lack of you that frustrated you about Hollywood.
Oh yeah.
Like, wait.
No, no, not the lack of me.
The fact that I think I'm as good as, as Johnny, two, two tones over there, who's, he's, he's
like, you know, I watch his career just spirally out of control and I'm like, Johnny, I can
do that.
Is Johnny, is Johnny two tones here tonight?
I don't know.
He might be here.
You fucker.
My father.
Fuck you.
No, I mean, but look, I, I have, you know, I feel like I can do that.
So I'm like, let me just do a show where I can do that.
I know executive is saying.
That being, that's crazy.
Like a variable.
I can't ask you because I'm not going to start a beef between you and Johnny Pemberton
or whoever it is.
You're, you're.
No two tones.
I'm saying like, we're not going to, I'm not going to ask you to tell me who it is that
you do think you're, you could do.
Yeah, please don't, but, but, but, but, no, I mean, the alternative for anybody who wanted
to come to the show, but was still on the fence guy like, gosh, maybe I, you know, like
I do some.
Well, we have a lot of good special guests this month.
We, besides Martin Wilson, we also have Mike McCafferty of one on one fame and Star Trek
podcast on the Farrell audio network.
His Star Trek podcast is great.
I like the Rathakon one.
We were just a guest on there and also we will be having Becky Garcia, who's an adult
swim writer.
She writes.
Yeah.
She wrote on hot streets.
As of a couple of days ago, I was in the show, but then I screwed up and double booked
myself.
Abed, you in the show, like because you can't, you could say Johnny two tones, I can do what
he can do.
Right.
And we can't have you, we can't make you say, I mean Vince Vaughn, like I'm, so I'm
asking you, what are you, what are you doing in the show that you're like, fucking come
see me do my thing?
Yeah.
I'm, I'm like the Bob Odenkirk of the show.
I just kind of write stuff and I act in stuff, but I don't give myself the main part because
I like to be on the sides and I like other people.
Abed's the crazy part.
I want to extract their craziness in my own way and it's fun.
You know, last month, we, Fulcher, there's a, there's a sort of script that Abed writes,
but he kind of just went off the rails and did Fulcher really improvised.
So much into it and he made it way better than I wrote.
So that was a great experience because I like working with him.
Yeah.
It was like, we both had a talk show where we're the hosts at the same time.
I saw Fulcher like in 1994, I think for the first time, it's a comedy festival and he
came on stage as a show he did.
I might have the date wrong, but it was called modern problems and science or something like
that.
It was him and a couple of the guys and they would just get a theory that they would have
the, and they would get three different schools of scientific thought and they would
prove or just prove that theory.
And his was Russian literature and he clearly, didn't know, he clearly had never read any
Russian literature, but committed to it so fucking hard that it was like, I watched it
and I go, that's the funniest improv I've ever seen.
I met him because I was his stand-in on Crossballs, hosted by Chris Tallman.
Because you guys are the similar kind of, well, I was his stand-in and he heard about
me being quite a, I just was talking the whole time and Matt Bessler told me to shut up and
it was like really crazy like experience and then everyone felt just like, oh, you're
the guy that was my stand-in.
Everyone said you were weird.
Oh yeah, you should play your, you have a podcast with him too.
Yeah, I have a podcast with him on Feral Audio.
Can you keep doing your rich culture impressions?
Oh no, well.
Oh yeah, it's really, it's just because I see him so much.
Oh, speaking of other superpowers, I don't know how this will translate to a podcast,
but remember at a party one time, you can do impressions of people, but not verbally,
you can just visual impressions.
He can embody you.
Yeah, I can embody you.
Yeah, I can do visual impressions of like, do Dan Harmon, like give us some Dan Harmon.
I got a lot of things to say about the president.
It's really crazy because you guys are going to like what I say.
Okay, here we go.
The president, I mean, you know, he's thinking it's a little fucked up.
Right, yeah.
Now do me, do you have Davis?
No, the thing about it is, so you do a character like Rich Fulcher and I just got to see it
for a second.
Okay, one, one, one, one.
Wait, yeah, now do it now.
Okay, now do Ted Knight.
Oh, Mary, oh, God.
Oh, Mary, what are you doing?
Oh, I'm up tonight and no, Mary.
He's just like saying that I'm not a good person.
Can you do Callie?
Can you do a Callie?
Hey, what are you doing there?
Look out, we got a show to make.
Get to work.
So she's Minnie Mouse.
She's easy to do because she's a character, you know, you have to be a character. It's easier to do
Yeah, if you really Google acting with Abed and you'll see young Jeff and a young Dan
Oh, that's old, that's real
They all turn on Abed because Abed's trying to teach you guys acting
You guys all, and Jess and Rowland and everyone
You come after me because of a real conversation we had
You're like, oh, I'm really intimidated by you
Yeah, and I told you that at Rob's house and then Rob goes, don't say that
Why are you saying that to him?
Do your Rob impression
Give him some Rob Schrab
Oh
Abed, what are you doing?
No, that's more like Ridley
No, he's like, you gotta talk about his shit
Abed, you and me and Kate are going to go to this restaurant
And we're gonna learn about Dr. Who
My favorite show
And you're gonna like it
God damn it
Yeah, you had an old one where he was like, my name is Rob Schrab and I love taking shits
No, I know, but that was, I was being, I was on, I was on camera, I was nervous
And Rob made me nervous because he was sitting there, like, just judging me with his eyes
Being like, you better be funny, you motherfucker
And so, yeah, that was awkward
Can you do Spencer?
Hey guys, you're, we gotta get move things along
We gotta get move things along, guys
Ooh, I can do, I can do, I can do Spencer, Spencer's like this
I couldn't tell who did what there, that was amazing
Hey, how's it going?
Well, you have to, she lives with me
It's true, I do live with Spencer
Or you live with me
You guys are roommates
Oh yeah, we're roommates
We're roommates
There's a show
Is Spencer a happy roommate?
He's like the best roommate I've probably ever had
I would imagine he'd be a pretty good roommate
Yeah, no, I hope my old roommates aren't listening, but really
My secret is I spend most of my life thinking I'm a terrible roommate
Seriously?
Yeah
I can see him being a good roommate
Well, okay, like, you have the most adorable cat that I get to like vicariously love
Yeah
Because she's got little short, stumpy legs and she's super timid
And this cat has its own comedy show
She does
Right, here we go
What about me?
What are that?
What about Meow?
Yeah
Oh, shit
With a, it's me
Yeah, I might have a black eye and a broken nose, but I still do the puns
You're looking pretty good with a broken nose, by the way
Thank you
It's healed fast, because last time I saw you, it was worse
Yeah, it's looking better
It's pretty, yeah, you're a good healer
Yeah
Good job
You're a big healer, Jeff
He really knows how to heal this guy
I know you're way around a healer
Oh, I forgot, I did a doodle of your guys' new characters, but I didn't finish it
Oh
I should have finished it
I'll post it online
We'll put those up on the screen when we play
Oh, yeah, that'd be awesome
Yeah
What are the action items for, because we're really, you know, like, so, for people that
are in the area, okay, when's the show, what's it called, what are the tickets cost?
You can go to starburnscastle.com to buy tickets, it's this Thursday on July 6th, so after July
4th
It's called What About Me
What about me with Callie and Abed, maybe in Callie
There's also music
Well, Abed and Callie
I've got a wonderful musician, Chris Lin, who's a friend of mine from New York, and I'm actually
going to be doing a duet with him
So, yeah, it's also like a venue
What song are you guys doing?
I'm not going to tell you, it's a surprise
I see
But, like, I play music and I'm a singer-songwriter, so it's also a venue where not only I get
to participate in the comedy, and I let him kind of run off the rails, but I get to, you
know, do new songs
I'm very lucky that she does interfere with my comedy
When I eventually come on the show, can I sing a song with you?
Of course!
Are you kidding me?
Oh, man, you're a great singer
I would love to do, like, a country duet
I love Rainy Night
Oh!
It's a great song
Well, you're a big Eddie Rabbit fan, we know that about you
All right
I tried
Thank you
But, yeah, no, Starburnscastle.com, and just right here, where we are, I know
All right, well, let's hear for Callie and Abed, everybody
Thank you, everybody
Check out this show
Thank you
Thanks, guys
Go to Harmontown Castle
What about me?
Thank you, my love
Also, find her artwork online, it's absolutely fantastic
KaliKazoo.com
Yeah, it's, I have, she did a portrait of Roy Orbison for me
That's hanging in my bathroom
Yeah, her Instagram is awesome
She's always doing the cute little, like, Callie looking things
I'm not an artist, I don't know how to talk about it
Yeah
She draws like this really cute, like, kind of cutesy pie, Disney, like, pin-up girl kind of things
But it's always about, like, kind of sadness and loneliness
It's a good
A lot of vomiting, a lot of crying
It's very, it's very good
Oh, I feel
I wonder if we have time just for a couple of Twitter questions here
Oh, I hope we have time
Somebody asked a really interesting question
Someone, I can't, oh, yeah, he said
If you had a thousand dollars, how much would you regret your life decisions?
And I was like, oh, is that a joke?
I was like, oh, no, you mean if I was, yeah, fuck, oh my god
I was like, if I hadn't been as lucky in my life
Like, how much torture would I be inflicting on myself for every fucking thing that I've ever done
And it's like, it's fucked up that we do that to ourselves
Because I guarantee you, like, the fact that I have more than a thousand dollars isn't the result of smart choices
Nor should I be patting myself on the back for the choices I made
Like, it's kind of two different things
It's like, two different graphs, like, oh, money got made
But then also, mental illness was explored
And only because I don't have bad consequences to blame on who I am
Am I able to say, oh, those are two different things
So if you're broke and you're nuts, go easy on yourself
It's 9-Eleven
9-Eleven, shit, 9-Eleven
For people that have never seen the show, they were better before it
Well, that's, please don't think we're terrorists
That's just, that's the thing that we do
Yeah, Spencer, do you want to dole out some character sheets?
We'll be right back
Oh yeah, let's take a mid-roll break for a pre-recorded ad
During which the people that are in this space
And the people that paid $5 a month to watch get a secret dance segment
Damn, damn, do an armpit fart
Can you do it?
I've never been able to do armpit farts
I'll show, I can show everybody, can we?
Alright, and we're back
No, no, no, don't
I could show people
We're not back yet
I'll show people the, you know, that lady
The last segment didn't get cut out
And any plebeians listened to it
Even though it was like bonus and not for them
Well, they got some work to do it for our audio
They'll figure out how to do it
Right, by the time that we actually make these segments worthwhile
There
I put Levy, you know, there was that lady
She's like, I can't remember who she is
Oh, there, there she is
Remember her?
She was on Twitter a little while ago
Because she was like bragging about how we're spending less
Wait, what is this?
She's the ambassador to the U.N.
The U.S. Ambassador to the U.N.
So I was like, I don't know
I'm gonna put Levy's face on her
Just to give the old iPad a try
And then partway through it, I was like, hubba, hubba, you know?
Like, nothing against her
And we're enlightened now
We're not gonna judge women, especially in politics
For their looks, but I'm just saying
Like, you know, you throw Levy's face on like
I think we're finding out
We found out he's a winter
That's really his color
And I have a type
Alright
Okay, well, boy, we're back
And man, oh man, you should really pay $5 a month
Alright, you guys want to
You guys want to hear a little bit of
Pathfinder role-playing real fast?
Let's get Steve
Oh, oh, let's bring Steve Levy up here
Hey, there's people sitting on the floor
Did they pay less for their tickets?
I want to say hi real quick
To Heather and Andrew Gray
My ex-girlfriend's parents
Who are here from Scotland
UK
Are you still back there, Heather and Andrew?
Hello
I think we owe you an apology
Because we went to their house
When Dan was still with Erin
When Dan proposed to Erin McGathy
He had the ring in his pocket
While we were at their house
And we proceeded to drink all of their Scotch
All of their whiskey
So I hope we give them some back
But I think we drank most of it
I fucked up, I'm not signed into our Slack
Because I got a new 10.5 inch iPad
Like an Apple douche
But I don't have a car
And the world is ending
And I can do what I want
And I create jobs
Alright Spencer, do you want to kick this off
And give us a little recap?
Yeah, I guess
You seem very excited about it
I always am
Alright
Fuck, damn it
Son of a bitch
I feel like maybe, I don't know
Fuck
Should I not?
I'm just thinking that there's a trend
Where I read this while Dan's occupied
And I think we're playing into that trope
If I start right now
Thank you
That's nice of you to notice, alright
I'm in the DM's channel
Dan, do you want to put your little fidget spinner down
For a minute while we...
No, no, he's...
Oh yeah, I guess that is a solution
Well, what's new in Steve's world?
Yeah, let's catch up with Levy for a moment
You're wearing shorts
Levy, you look the fuck's going on
You look fantastic in a nice wintry pink
Did you know that?
I do now, I guess
You look a little wiped out
Your jacket looks tucked into your shorts
Oh no, it's not
You okay, Steve?
Yeah, just...
A little tired?
A little tired
What happened, long day?
Yeah, long weekend
Holiday weekend
Yeah, it's just beginning
Yeah, yeah
Not for me, it doesn't feel that way
No, no
You got to go back to work tomorrow
Steve always works
Spencer actually, he covered for me all day Friday
And I love him for that, thank you
Great, Steve always works unless he doesn't
I have my character sheet up
And I'll just multitask between that and the Slack
To look at the PDF of the spell sheet
And I'll, you know, every once in a while
I'll pass this photo of Levy and get a boner
But I'll...
That's just going to have to be like a little handicap
But I...
A capability, a different ability
Which picture do you think you could more successfully
masturbate to, the original of that woman
Or the edited Steve Levy one?
No, for sure the Levy one, because...
Yeah, for sure
My heart, I'll be like...
It's like she was, you know, the only reason I have her photo
is because she was bragging about the savings
that we've made by not, you know,
caring enough as much about the UN
And Steve, which photo of Dan do you think
would be the easiest to masturbate to?
Probably that one with his balls, right?
It's so easy to embarrass Steve Levy
It's almost unfair
No, I know, it's great
That's why I brought him up
When you, yeah
That's like every group text
Like, no matter what anybody says
It's like a hair trigger
You're going to get the monkey with his...
The Cino evil monkey
You get shy monkeys
And if it's really embarrassing
There's also the thing that Cody and Dan
Occasionally me, there's a picture of Dan
with his balls out
It got worse, it got worse a couple weeks ago, Jeff
Yeah, yeah, we liked it
Cody and I like to trick Steve into looking at my genitals
And, uh...
Like, Cody will take pictures of me
in hotel rooms and stuff
And then I had, there was a hotel
And it had like a...
It had like a thing that was like...
I don't know why it would have this
But it was like a thing that was...
No, it was a thing you put on your door knob
Outside the hotel room
Because it means that you want it...
You want breakfast?
They'll take your order or something
Yeah, yeah, you fill that up in the morning
You fill it up before 6 a.m.
You hang up your door
But it was like, well, guess what's going through there
And then like, so it's just, you know
It's just a circular hole that says breakfast
And then I'm like, and...
And so I just...
You could just text somebody
You could just send that photo to somebody
And you'd be tricking them into seeing it
But it's like funnier to be like,
Hey, Steve, I need those tax forms
Have you seen the thing?
We're in the middle of the desert
And some random bar doing work
And Cody is texting me in the street with Dan
And she's like, you know, we got to do this thing
And hey, can you help me with this?
I'm going to send you some stuff that I need help on
And then just this picture of Dan goes through
We're sitting at the bar in public
And it's three or four images in a row
If anyone was dick through the breakfast thing
That kind of backfired
There was a guy in the back bar on these giant screens
And it was just like, in the timeline
I'm like, ah-ha!
And there was a guy next to Dan
Who clearly saw this picture
This like conservative, misogynistic guy
Who, and we're laughing
And he commented on us, like, laughing
And I don't know, just...
And then Dan got sucked into this horrible conversation
I mean, didn't you guys, as Starburns,
Recently have a sexual harassment workshop?
Like, like...
Yeah, we did
Yeah, wait, wait, wait
Are you...
How does this not qualify as full?
It's totally fine
You obviously missed the meeting
Dan had co...
If it has to be unwelcome
In order for it to be bad
Exactly, it has to be unwelcome
Also, technically, Cody sent it to me
So, she's not...
She doesn't work with me
Dan had no involvement with that at all
He didn't want you to see a picture of his dick
Going through the breakfast line
I don't know, I think Dan texted Cody
Like, it would be funny if he sent that picture
I don't want to see that photo
I'm a little sad I wasn't on that group text
So I feel a little left out
By the way, it was a pre-emptive
Sexual harassment seminar
A lot of companies have them
We were overdue, probably
Don't say that either
I think it was right on time
No, because we're so good at it
A traditional educational thing
To equip all of our employees
With the knowledge they need
To make a safe environment
It took you guys 45 minutes
To make your next dick joke
In front of everybody
Everybody that works at a company
That knows that those days are the days
That everyone is the grossest
Because everybody has this camaraderie
And then they're like, oh, we're going to do the sexual harassment
And then people start, you know
I'm above it
Because then I have a separate meeting
Where the lawyer comes in and goes
Okay, here's your meeting
Here's the number of ways
You can get sued for how much money
I'm like, oh, feminist
Like, like, like
I'm just like
I was woke
Before I started talking to these people
But now I'm like, wide awake
You're wide awake
I'm like, five hour energy
Who's feeling unsafe?
All right, Spencer, you ready to go?
Uh, yeah, Sean
Are you ready to rock her?
You should save that image to your photo stream
Yeah
Wait, what would that do?
You don't have to log into Slack that way
Oh, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I needed to get into Slack for the spell loadouts
I had this in my photo roll
Got it
You look nice today
Wow
You should wear more sweaters
He's straight up harassing you now
This is the definition of harassment
All right, okay, well then
All right, all right, all right, all right
It's cut and dry, it's not as gray as you might think
It's also, like, technically one of the things
you learn in the seminars is that someone in this room
could make the case that, like, yeah
you could go to a lawyer and you could say
I watched a conversation between Dan and Steve
that made me feel unsafe
at a Harmontown show
and you could, Nick, you might
find the right lawyer
I wouldn't put that out there
All right, Spencer
Take it away, Spencer
All right
Last
Last time on Harmontown
D&D
You guys were in the town
and you had came to help
because they had asked for your aid
and you showed up and punched a kid
because he was possessed by multiple entities
Fake news
This is why he won
Then what happened
was you left and you went
and checked out some burnt-out buildings
finding some buried corpses
Then you went to the church
and talked to the church prior
He was all weird and you were like, whoa
He was sad
Tom's the bad guy
and you weren't buying it
but Jeff was buying it
and Diarrhea Jr. was there
The end
Yeah, we're like
we're our third chapter in
and because we did this the last time
in a tent in the summer
at a festival
we're already into the whole thing
like I'm like, oh yeah
what did we do? I remember we went to the friar
and but then like
okay so where are we
we went back
we got holy water from the friar
went back to Tom's house
and we tried to kick his door down
eight times but we couldn't do it
oh yeah, I forgot about that
you kept rolling apparently one's or two's
and we couldn't kick a door down
wait put the music back on
I can't
you want the music?
Jeff tried to burn the door down
and then they started throwing rocks
on the floor and everybody took damage
alright now it's gone
and that's currently where we are
we're on the outside of the house
I'm at the back door
Jeff tried to burn it down
and then Steve put the water
he put his water skin on it to put the fire out
and Dan tried to kick it down
kicked down a door
and then you guys tried to kick down the door
and they're throwing stuff at you
are we in a combat situation right now?
yeah, you're in a combat situation
uh
you're in the back of the house
Carlos
I call out to Carlos
come back out to the front of the house
we're getting rocks thrown at us and I need your help
okay
I want to climb
climb to the window
yeah
alright, I gotta get my dice
I wish I had sex
you guys do stuff
it's like when
an 80's wrestler gets his snake
out of the bag
which 80's wrestler Dan?
alright, I'm sorry I didn't
the snake man, I don't know
I wasn't part of that culture
well how inventive
should we just say that I'm doing loadout 1
just to keep things simple
because I keep fucking up with my
yeah
we have been using loadout 1
and we still are
no, it's important to establish that
you climb up the house
you're on the second floor window
Steve
you did? you?
I climbed into the house because we couldn't open the door
he's
being a man of action now finally
after putting up the fire I
set to try to burn the door down
I just want to know did he do that in the front
or where were you in relation to the house
the front door
sorry, it hasn't been my turn yet
well you came around
your turn happened first
you came around to the front door
then Steve climbed the wall
careful
I
say to Carlos
hey
this door is probably about to give in
kick this door down, you're stronger than I am
me? oh shit
you are Carlos
alright
silver flame
guide my foot
it guides it directly into the door
you kick it and nothing happens
Jesus Christ
it's a really strong door
I don't know but I think this is the fourth attempt to kick down
this door
is it weakening at all? can we tell
that it's maybe giving in a little bit?
no, your attempts
have made it seem like
this door is made out of iron or some shit
even though you can tell it's not
alright
I use
my shalely because I have
my quarter staff
plus one weapon damage
so I
just give it a full
oh no, I shoot a fire bolt
I use my weapon domain
and I shoot fire through my shalely at the door
you shoot a fire bolt?
what do I have? what shoots out of my
you can shoot all sorts of things
at all sorts of places
I shoot a magical
actual flame at the door
you have multiple spells that shoot fire
fire bolt is a spell
fire is the thing you can do
that could be the answer
I just want to make sure
okay, fire bolt
you do that
you shoot it, it starts burning
it's burning and now Steve's on the second floor
so it's not going to put itself out with water
but
again, it will take a while
because fire is not
it takes a while to burn a door down
I step back after that
so I'm out of rock
the door is on fire
how about yours?
yeah
I'm having a great time
who's turn is it?
I should know
it's my turn
Tom Fell tries to stab at Steve
leave you with a knife
oh, he misses
he lunges and drops the knife out the window
nice
oh
now it's a dance turn again
yay
is Diarrhea Jr. close enough
even though he's up there
I just want to do one of these things
be a good cleric
and do that buff thing
where I send an energy channel out
where it buffs everybody
which one? channel energy?
that's a heal spell
or good aura?
no, is it good aura?
that just means you have an aura
that radiates goodness
damn it, I'm really fucking up
do it great, you're asking questions
and getting information
shit
I thought I had a thing where I could
I'm sorry
then I got drunk
I got all riled up because of that
I was thinking about how riled up you had gotten
it was Abed
he's so defensive about that fucking story
he's the guy to sleep
I mean
he voted for Jill Stein
I bet he did
we don't know that
not only did he
not, but if you did it's fine
I don't care
I don't want a part of any
any incidents
shit
okay, alright, well you know what?
throw me the holy water
I'm gonna throw you
the holy water
I thought I had a thing that was like
oh well, alright
I thought I had a thing
what's your dexterity?
it's pretty high
yeah, I think it's like
it's 12
as clerics go, you know
we don't spend a lot of time at the gym
wait, sorry
what?
Steve has the holy water
I do
yeah, it's in a bottle
that's right, it's in my jar
because Dan would have dropped it
I have some too, you and I both have
holy water
but Dan used his
is it my turn?
no, it's still Dan's turn
alright
so I'm going to
because
the door is on fire
is there a window we could just go in
and not deal with this crazy ass door?
you could climb through the window
I climbed through
I'm just going to kick the flaming door
ok
it's round 5
alright
you kick in the flaming door
kick it in? yeah
yeah
that's
that's the level we've been reduced to
they're cheering that we did one thing
right
an hour to kick this fucking door
you wouldn't be cheering if you were the family
that lived here, they haven't really
technically done anything to deserve this yet
we don't know that
we don't know that, but that's when
you shouldn't kick in their door
alright
so you kick in the door and it flies off its hinges
it lands on the ground smoldering
and firing
we're here to help
you not be a piece of shit
I see Tom, is Tom there?
no, he's upstairs
alright
Steve's turn
it's ok
I go into their kids bedroom
alright
well Tom's
just that as a
timecode here if you want to make a gif
well
Tom's in the window
you're kind of outside the house
and he's on the inside of the house
I didn't climb into the house
no, you're on the outside of the house
he's like threatening it
he was trying to stab you
you do a move where I like
jump through the window and
kick him
you jump through the window
and you try to kick him
but you just jump in the window
now you're inside
but you know
you're kick mist and he like
whirls around
alright
Jeff's turn now
I run upstairs to that room
alright, you do that
where you are
where Steve is
is kind of like the landing of the house
it's not a room, it's just kind of open
so you're both standing in that
and then there's two closed
bedroom doors
do I know which one Tom is in?
you know which one was the kids room
because you were there earlier
I open that door
alright, you do that
is that the end of my turn?
well you see the kid
doesn't seem awake though
but Tom's not there
no, Tom is in the landing with Steve
can I keep looking or is that the end of my action?
what are you looking for?
Tom, he's with Steve
oh so I was just there
okay, I take out my holy water and throw it at him
alright
it hits him, wait does it hit him?
it hits him right in the eye
you see
what is the holy water in?
like a wine skin
I squeeze it and squirt it at him
okay
I swear I had a 5 gallon
drum of it somewhere
you had holy water but you used it
and I think you marked it off in your sheet
but you don't have the current sheet
sorry everybody
right because the spark was
the spark was guys told you holy water
it's not your fault, my joke didn't land
they would have laughed
what?
no
what? sorry
I like
right in the eye
he stumbles backwards
and lands on his back
he's like
water's in my eye
see, that's the thing about hitting him in the eye
with the holy water, you still don't know if they're
evil
because they're like there's water in my eye
I was so sure that he was evil
his flesh doesn't
steam
like a vampire's or whatever
and by the way
met a gaming table talk but the fucking guy
that we talked to, the friar had shit all over his face
I'm not saying that makes you a bad person
but he was like paranoid and crazy
I don't know if he had shit all over his face
also you did throw holy water at him
the friar?
see this is what I do
I alienate
so
that was great, that was so much fun
go back and listen to that
oh, I will, okay
the holy water has no effect
other than just being water in this guy's eyeballs
no, yeah, well it knocked him over
the holy water, the force of the holy water
knocked him over, yeah hit him right in the eye
and he fell backwards
you of all people should know
a guy punched me in the neck cave
I didn't fall down, I just spilled my drinks
and blood all over my suit
I'm sorry
and we spent the episode
talking about Abed
yeah
you know, he talked to a guy while he was asleep
I
it's probably the end of my churn
you can move, but yeah
I get on top of him and try to subdue him
I take some rope out and try to bind him
alright, well you go to do that
you can't quite start, but you get in his space
so you're kind of like threatening him
alright, he
he just starts crying, he doesn't try and
fight or anything anymore, he just starts crying
okay
who's the term? Dan, sorry
what's this
I only know this guy's name is Tom
because Tom fell, he fell from grace
we think he's a baddie
Tom fell
of what's the town's name?
Roan
Tom fell of Roan
you have many enemies
we might be your only friends
you must tell us the truth
he's just crying
he's like, whatever
just leave me alone
leave us alone
that never works
yeah, you look around
so I spent my churn
no, you can still do some talking
well, I'll
I just want to
what if I
do you do some sort of clerical healing
or evil casting out kind of abilities
or no?
well, you know
look
let me try, is he damaged
to the point where like, can I like
don't I have like
like maybe I can get in this guy's
good graces with like just to
make him understand that
we're civil servants
like if I were to go
if I were to just
you know, where's the
okay
what is it
well, if I just use that channel thing
and I just go
can I just heal him?
yeah
he's not damaged
he feels healed though
I go, hey man
you alright?
what are you doing?
look, there's something crazy going on in this town
like everybody's
yeah, there's a fucking nightmare church
that's bursting into people's houses
and not healing sick people
is this not the first time this has happened to you?
no, this is the second time you have been here
this evening
that feeling when your trail
of clues leads back to you
yeah, we're so bad at this
what's the
what's the kid doing?
the kid is in the room
he's in the bedroom
does he still seem evil?
who are you asking?
the
you?
well, he's not on the landing with us
he's in the bedroom, he's asking you
Steve is in the landing
we tried holy water on the kid before
Dan missed but then it mopped his brow
with the thing and that didn't
it did some damage to him
I mean, we can damage the kid
all we want
we're great at that
diarrhea, go check on the kid
I walk into the room where the kid is
alright, the kid seems asleep
oh
where's the wife?
does he
does he seem sick?
he seems asleep
yeah, he doesn't seem healthy
who's got eyes on the wife?
no one sees the wife
I need a 10 on the wife
so wait, Jeff hit the kid in the eye with holy water
and he's now asleep?
no, Jeff hit the tom in the eye with holy water
oh, okay, well, I want to take
my glass jar of holy water
and pour it on the kid
alright
isn't he the one that's sort of possessed?
what? I can't hear you, I'm on the landing
he gets experience points for doing that
who? Dan?
for knowing that he couldn't hear
you get experience points for being on the landing
wait, wait, wait, wait, Jeff
let's sidebar you
who's Jeff?
Jeff gets experience points
Chad
Steve gets experience points
what if
look, I don't know how holy water works
I've never used it for anything
like this before
do you think we should
hold him down and chain him to the bed
and then make him drink the holy water?
I think he's already built into the bed
he's already built into the bed
just get in there and do your thing
go nuts up there
follow your heart, Diarrhea Jr
no wrong answers
alright
are you calling out to me?
wait, you're not in the room?
no, I'm in the landing
I go into the room
it's a small house
come in here and help me hold this kid's mouth open
I go to the kid
and I pry his jaw open
in his head and hold his mouth open
I take out my glass jar
I pop open the lid and I start pouring it
down his throat
alright, alright
that happens
we wait with wild expectation
you should close his mouth
and make him swallow
I close it and shake his head like a popper in Mexico
you do that
he starts frothing
you steam starts shooting out of his body
steam
starts shooting out of his body
and you feel a sharp
terrible pain in your
what do you call it?
ankles
you forgot ankles?
alright
ankles?
so we didn't have a 20 on the wife
a knife shoots out
and stabs you in the legs
for 3 damage
each of you take 3 damage
is she under the bed?
god damn it
when you do a raid, you always look for the wife
they get a homestead instinct
riles them up
they'll take you out like Rambo
how much damage did I take?
Jesus Christ, I'm getting killed over here
alright
the demon spawn child
starts thrashing
and sizzling
and frothing madly
and spasming all over the place
you see a black spirit
erupt from its mouth
it's all weird
it looks like a flat dark colored
ghost silhouette
shadowy thing
it's wailing on the demon
it's like punching at the demon
and they're wrestling on the floor
these two immaterial creatures
is that the ghost of the brother
that we saw from earlier?
what was it?
the ghost you saw in the past
so archer is for now fighting a demon ghost
that's emanating
they're both emanating from Cliff
they have emanated, now they're done being emanated
but yes
they're out fighting physically out in the room
oh yeah, they're duking out
oh man, the production values are great
I'm just cradling
Tom on the landings
it's gonna be cool man, sometimes shit
you know, life doesn't
why don't you just come back in the morning
or something
or not burst down the door
or not like the house on fire
do you guys put the house out?
I think there's a burning door downstairs
you smell smoke real bad
I'll take care of that
but before I do, I want to say this
no offense, but I don't get the impression
from where you live that you haven't made mistakes
in your life
you're right
every citizen should live a perfect life
in order to not be murdered by the state
that's not what I said
don't put words in my mouth
I don't come to where you live
no I agree, I do
yes you do
you do that twice a night apparently
you're not even
I'm agreeing with you
where's your water?
their water to put out the fire
in your house I started
it's in the well
we live on a farm
do you have any people that can go get some
fuck
do you have a bucket?
there's a bucket
I don't want you running around
there's a plan
he grabs the bucket and runs outside
I assume you're following him
he just does it normally
he throws the bucket of water
he puts out the fire
teamwork
I hollered down
we got a ghost fight up here
and a lady has cut my ankles
from underneath the bed
we got a code 14 up here
well you're doing it all
in a house that ain't on fire
and there's like a Voltron
split screen
we're all working together synergy
that's great
let's keep going though
Tom, I'm going to hide upstairs
because I'm a cleric, sounds like shit's going down
with your haunted son
who's the best church
in the world
alright, you know what
we'll sell you later
I head upstairs
I fill him in and say
by the way, we poured holy water down this kid's mouth
the mom is angry, she's underneath the bed
she just sliced us and the ankles
like a prison fight
are the spirits emanating?
they're already emanating
this is post emanation
I don't want to point out the obvious
I don't want a ghost's plane
but there's a ghost
there's a ghost fighting
what we think is the spirit of the dead brother
archer and they're duking it out
on the mortal plane right now
well, I think we should help
the good ghost
are you bleeding from your ankle?
yeah, I took three damage, I eat a good berry
wait, do you?
yeah, I eat some good berries
do I see Bonnie?
no, you don't see anything under the bed
how much healing do I take from the good berries?
well, each good berry you eat
gives you one health, so it's up to you
how many you want to eat?
I eat three
then you gain three health
okay, so I'm good to go
I mean
I got to get some new socks tomorrow
but I'm uh
I mean, as long as we're still talking
who cut your ankles?
this is a crazy lady under the bed
there's a lady under the bed?
yeah, the mom, she might be protecting her family
but it's a weird instinct to have a knife
underneath a bed
I don't really like her style
yeah
seriously, we need to keep an eye on her
we have to keep
just don't get too close to the bed
Diarrhea, get the lady out from under the bed
I look under the bed for the lady
alright
we'll describe that action
don't look with your face
I'm like five feet away
and I look to see if she's under there
yeah, she's under there, she's crouched up
like a big green tarantula
alright, so
I take my slingshot
and I load it up
and I shoot her in the head
shit
not hard
just like, you know, like
what's your attack bonus on the slingshot
do you see that?
plus four
alright, you hit her, you hit her in the face
alright
with what, like a rock?
while she's in pain, I want to pull her out
from under the bed
alright, that happens
alright guys, I think
I have it under control
can we do like a perception
check on her or like a sense of motive
like is she evil or is she being
just being a good mom
you know what
save your dice
she's a mother
home is being invaded
she has a knife under the bed
she's just doing the best she can
with what she's got
I don't care if she is evil
she's going to do the same thing
as if she's good
she's either a great mom or Steven Seagal
she seems normal
oh shit, I'm so sorry
I just want to help your child
I take it back
now, I want to go over to the kid
I think
diplomacy has gone out the window a long time ago
wait, wait, just
one zero hearts
give me a second
I take out my water skin, I try to
give the kid some water
and some trail rations
alright, well the kid's unconscious
I just lost the heart, I made my broken nose bleed
oh no, do you need anything?
oh no
oh
yeah
do I get his turn?
wait, there's a freaking morning drawing on him
someone get that man a tissue
Hollywood
how amazing would it have been
when you got in a fight with that guy at the mid cave concert
if he had you
cornered
and he had a couple guys
and then all of a sudden
all of your friends from jail
the Latino
Hollywood guys
you having a problem
Hollywood?
and then you look and it's just like nine dudes
and they like swing like pirates into the fray
yeah
alright, continue
um
I know this is like
same old Dan, he doesn't know how to play Pathfinder
but I could have sworn
I'm a cleric
I'm level 2
there's an evil beastie here in front of me
in the form of this black silhouette ghost
I got
and I don't have any
standard
in AD&D
in the 80s it was just
I'm a cleric I'll turn undead
I don't have anything like that
you'll get that next level I believe
well I can't wait
but for now I guess I just go like
go white ghost
you do that
the white ghost is going
well I guess it's a white ghost
the ghost
it's a ghost of color
maybe it's the ghost of
of white Roan
maybe the whole
the thing that happened here is we forgot
Roan's rust belt
could be
alright
you root for the kid
go Archer go, we believe in you
come on
you believe in Archer
alright
someone else do something
okay
are they in physical form
or in ghostly kind of apparition form
oh
wait a minute it's hard to tell
by looking at it they just look
they look ghostly I mean
channel smite
this is a feat
which I hope does not fail me now
use channel
energy to deal extra damage
to undead on attack so basically
like if I could just do a standard attack
I'll do something
attack the clearly the more evil
of the two ghosts I know who Archer is
I don't want to attack Archer
what do you attack with
I'm of course going to use
my morning star
alright what's the attack bonus on that
plus two
it hits
and I'm using that channel
smite so I'm going like
in the name of her
Archer
I can't find my dice
dealing 10 damage
your morning star
phases through the incorporeal
body of the demon spirit but you can
see the white energy of the silver
flame that emanates from your
weapon disperse the form
of the demon creature
as it slices through its mistly
body
you get the sense that the ghost kid did
most of the work
but you don't let that bother you
because of the wins a win
I think you did it
he did do it
and hey
there's bullseye on that housewife
she cut my ankles I was scared
she was the worst
she's still under the bed
she can hear us
he dragged her out with her with a rock
we're the 18
results are results
I don't want to be Machiavellian about it
I turn to Tom and I go
come on that house
no longer on fire
kid no longer haunted
I'm talking about a good church
he passes out
what's happening with Archer
the ghost kid
looks at you
like in a
regarding way
it's like wow
people huh
Archer
what's going on in this town
Archer doesn't really talk
but it kind of walks backwards
and phases out of the wall
and you can kind of see it outside the window
oh
it wants to
diarrhea follow the ghost
I follow Archer
he's
Archer's going to the
towards the graveyard
at the end of the city
but would our heroes
find a thing in the end of
the D&D
all right
do you want a rapper?
yeah
we did it
Zach
you got a beat
laid on a Zach
you got a DJ with a masjist?
all right
oh yeah
yo
higher
and higher
rap
hip
hop
rap
I'm getting
higher
and higher
I went out to the sun
sent to the moon
I'm going to combine you both real soon
because I'm an alchemist
I combine things
and make children sing
so I took some gold
and some silver
put them in a bowl
hmm
and I waited
but nothing happened
I'm a bad alchemist
got a lot to learn
about alchemy
can't just put
two medals in a bowl
they won't do anything
if they did alchemy
wouldn't be called alchemy
it would be called what normally happens
but this is how
we learn
so I went to burn
some books
about alchemy
because I was still not
thinking right
about how it works and thought
if I could make alchemy have less information
that relatively
I would be more of an alchemist
it was
misguided thinking
it was thinking thinking
it wasn't like Lincoln
they freed
the slaves
and created
graves that are haunted
by white
America
today
we struggle with integrity
we played D&D
and we did it pretty nicely
I'm real proud of myself
when you say self
you're probably gonna rhyme it with shelf
there's almost no other word
that you're gonna come up with
mouth, south
yo I'm gonna take a tooth
put it in a booth
and it's gonna shoot
Lincoln
that's a homonym
right
yo I miss you
homonym
my name coming in again
I sound like other things
and when I ring a ling
I suck my dingo ling
I got
a Roger Waters size dick
I can suck
on it
just by bringing it
to my lips
can you do like a Roger Waters sample
about his dick
avoid like a mix of that
the razor blade
the cold cut
of British
government issues
you don't understand
when you're 15
but they sound cool
I'm Roger Waters
the government
of England in the 70s
is
confusing to you
but the general idea
is disenfranchisement
my name is
John
Johnson
this rap
has been hit and miss
but it's like
a river of piss
maybe it's made of piss but it's still
a river
you could try to fish in it
and if you catch
a fish
it's still a fish even though it lives in piss
and you take it home
and you cook it up
and you eat it up and then you get
seven up to wash it down
but then you got diabetes
thank you for coming to Harmontown everybody
I think we did it
thank you for
bringing me napkins and tissues for my bleeding nose
Steve Levy everybody
Kali Fontecchio
Abed Gheith goes to the show
Spencer Crittenden is your game master
of course
thank you Chris
Sarah Zach everybody
Church has said she can't be here tonight
I'm your Comptroller Jeff Davis
Dan Harmon thank you so much for coming to Harmontown
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show